Update documentation - Form Block (#394)
kendraio/kendraio-app: docs/workflow/blocks/form.rst

Config init
-----------

> It can often be beneficial to initialiase the form data by creating a mapping of the default data. 

Reviewer: I noticed 'initialiase' is not spelt correctly and that it wasn't clear English then I came up with this:
```suggestion
To fill out existing information easily, a form can be loaded with pre-existing fields, using a 'mapping' - a rule that determines how to generate the default data.
```

Author: Mhm honestly both are not clear to me. If I would be new to Kendraio project I would have no idea what we are talking about :D 
I suggest to add an example that is more helpful then 
```

  {
    "confirm": false
  }

```
I will commit the changes and then we can discuss on the new text/example

.. code-block:: json 

  {
    "confirm": false
  }

Examples
---------

Read-only
^^^^^^^^^
Display a field in read-only mode (not editable)

.. code-block:: json

  {
    "type": "form",
    "label": "Search",
    "jsonSchema": {
        "type": "object",
        "properties": {
            "name": {
                "type": "string",
                "title": "Artist name",
                "readOnly": true
            }
        }
    },
    "uiSchema": {}
  }

Form validation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Dynamic field title
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Using dynamic data as title for the form field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using dynamic input data, as title for the form field
```

.. code-block:: json
  

  // data
  {
    "name": `John`,
    "surname": `Doe`
  }

  // Form config
  {
    "type": "form",
    "jsonSchema": {
        "type": "object",
        "properties": {
            "title": {
                "type": "string",
                "title": "I am harcoded text"
            },
            "user_name": {
                "type": "string",
                "title": "name",

>                 "default": "titlte of this field come from dynamic data"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "default": "The title of this field comes from dynamic data"
```

            },
            "user_surname": {
                "type": "string",
                "title": "surname",

>                 "default": "titlte of this field come from dynamic data"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "default": "The title of this field comes from dynamic data"
```
